Update CM User FAQ (#591)
contao/docs: docs/manual/installation/contao-manager.en.md

```

{{% notice info %}}

> The value for "password" must be entered in encrypted form. About [bcrypt-generator.com](https://bcrypt-generator.com/)
> you could, for example, generate the necessary hash value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value for "password" must be encrypted. You can use services like [bcrypt-generator.com](https://bcrypt-generator.com/) 
for example in order to generate the necessary hashed value.
```
